feat(doc): introduce global tolerations and nodeselectors for user deployed components (#887)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.7.0/advanced-resources/deploy/node-selector.md

For more information about how node selector work, refer to the [official Kubernetes documentation.](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#nodeselector)

# Setting up Node Selector for Longhorn
Longhorn consists of user-deployed components (for example, Longhorn Manager, Longhorn Driver, and Longhorn UI) and system-managed components (for example, Instance Manager, Backing Image Manager, Share Manager, CSI Driver, and Engine Image).
You need to set node selector for both types of components. See more details below.

### Setting up Node Selector During installing Longhorn
1. Set the node selector for user-deployed components (for example, Longhorn Manager, Longhorn Driver, and Longhorn UI).

>    * If you install Longhorn through Rancher 2.5.x, you must copy and paste the following parameters into the YAML on the Rancher UI (click **Edit as YAML** during the installation) to apply the value to all user-deployed components.

Reviewer: `Rancher 2.5.x` is quite old version. Let's mention Rancher w/o any specific version.

      ```yaml
        global:
          nodeSelector:
            label-key1: "label-value1"
      ```

>    * You can also specify the node selector for each user-deployed component.

Reviewer: Should explain the setting will override the global setting instead of merging.

### Setting up Node Selector During installing Longhorn
1. Set node selector for user deployed components (Manager, UI, Driver Deployer)

>    * If you install Longhorn by Rancher 2.5.x, you need to click `Edit as YAML` in Rancher UI and copy this values into the YAML to apply the values to all the components at once:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * If you install Longhorn through Rancher 2.5.x, you must copy and paste the following parameters into the YAML on the Rancher UI (**SCREEN_TITLE** > **Edit as YAML**) to apply the value to all user-deployed components.
```

      ```yaml
        global:
          nodeSelector:
            label-key1: "label-value1"
      ```

>    * You can also specify the node selectors for each user deployed components:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * You can also specify the node selector for each user-deployed component.
```

      ```
   * If you install Longhorn by using `kubectl` to apply [the deployment YAML](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/longhorn/longhorn/v1.1.1/deploy/longhorn.yaml), you need to modify the node selector section for Longhorn Manager, Longhorn UI, and Longhorn Driver Deployer.
    Then apply the YAMl files.

>    * If you install Longhorn using Helm, you can change the Helm values for `global.nodeSelector`, `longhornManager.nodeSelector`, `longhornUI.nodeSelector`, `longhornDriver.nodeSelector` in the `values.yaml` file.
>     Then install the chart

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * If you install Longhorn using Helm, you can change the Helm values for `global.nodeSelector`, `longhornManager.nodeSelector`, `longhornUI.nodeSelector`, `longhornDriver.nodeSelector` in the `values.yaml` file before installing the chart.
```

1. Prepare
   * To ensure that your preferred settings are immediately applied, stop all workloads and detach all Longhorn volumes before applying it.

> 2. Set node selector for user-deployed components

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Set the node selector for user-deployed components (for example, Longhorn Manager, Longhorn Driver, and Longhorn UI).
```

   * To ensure that your preferred settings are immediately applied, stop all workloads and detach all Longhorn volumes before applying it.

2. Set node selector for user deployed components

>    * If you install Longhorn by Rancher 2.5.x, you need to click `Edit as YAML` in Rancher UI and copy this values into the YAML to apply the values to all the components at once:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * If you install Longhorn through Rancher 2.5.x, you must copy and paste the following parameters into the YAML on the Rancher UI (**SCREEN_TITLE** > **Edit as YAML**) to apply the value to all system-managed components.
```

Reviewer 2: Can we specify the part of the Rancher UI where users can find the **Edit as YAML** button?

        ```yaml
        global:
          nodeSelector:
            label-key1: "label-value1"
        ```

>     * You can also specify the node selectors for each user deployed components:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * You can also specify the node selector for each system-managed component.
```

        ```
    * If you install Longhorn by using `kubectl` to apply [the deployment YAML](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/longhorn/longhorn/v1.1.1/deploy/longhorn.yaml), you need to modify the node selector section for Longhorn Manager, Longhorn UI, and Longhorn Driver Deployer.
      Then reapply the YAMl files.
    * If you install Longhorn using Helm, you can change the Helm values for `global.nodeSelector`, `longhornManager.nodeSelector`, `longhornUI.nodeSelector`, `longhornDriverDeployer.nodeSelector` in the `values.yaml` file, and then run `helm upgrade` to upgrade to the new version of the chart.

> 3. Set node selector for system-managed components

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Set the node selector for system-managed components (for example, Instance Manager, Backing Image Manager, Share Manager, CSI Driver, and Engine Image).
```

        ```
    * If you install Longhorn by using `kubectl` to apply [the deployment YAML](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/longhorn/longhorn/v1.1.1/deploy/longhorn.yaml), you need to modify the node selector section for Longhorn Manager, Longhorn UI, and Longhorn Driver Deployer.
      Then reapply the YAMl files.

>     * If you install Longhorn using Helm, you can change the Helm values for `global.nodeSelector`, `longhornManager.nodeSelector`, `longhornUI.nodeSelector`, `longhornDriverDeployer.nodeSelector` in the `value.yaml` file.
>       Then do Helm upgrade the chart.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * If you install Longhorn using Helm, you can change the Helm values for `global.nodeSelector`, `longhornManager.nodeSelector`, `longhornUI.nodeSelector`, `longhornDriverDeployer.nodeSelector` in the `values.yaml` file, and then run `helm upgrade` to upgrade to the new version of the chart.
```
